Keepa API Overview

We provide clients for Java and PHP for fast integration. Even if you do not use Java or PHP, these resources might still be helpful for insights and examples. There is also a community-developed Python client available.
About Our Price Plans

Find out more about how our price plans work here.
How to Make Requests

Our API offers numerous endpoints, which are explained in individual threads in this category.

    Base URL: https://api.keepa.com/

    API Access Key: Every request requires your API access key as a parameter. You can find and change your key here.

    HTTP Method: All requests must be issued as an HTTPS GET and accept gzip encoding. If possible, use a Keep-Alive connection.

    Parallel Requests: Multiple requests can be made in parallel to increase throughput.

Response Format

The response is always in JSON format. Every response will contain information about your current API access:

{
  "refillRate": Integer,
  "refillIn": Integer,
  "tokensLeft": Integer,
  "tokensConsumed": Integer,
  "tokenFlowReduction": Double,
  "processingTimeInMs": Integer,
  "error": {
    "type": String,
    "message": String,
    "details": String
  }
}

Response Fields

    refillRate: Number of tokens generated by your active subscriptions.
    refillIn: Time in milliseconds until your token bucket will be refilled (happens every minute).
    tokensLeft: How many tokens you currently have left. This value can be negative, as requests are always executed as long as there is a positive token balance when the request is submitted.
    tokensConsumed: Number of tokens this request consumed.
    tokenFlowReduction: Tracking products through the API reduces your actual token refill rate by this value (rounded to an integer).
    processingTimeInMs: Time the request’s server side processing took, in milliseconds.
    error: Contains error information. Only set if an error occurred. An error does not mean the whole request failed (e.g., batch requests).

Note: You can use this information to plan your requests. Unused tokens will expire after 60 minutes.
Possible HTTP Status Codes

    200 - OK: The request was successfully executed.
    400 - Bad Request: The request was malformed or could not be successfully executed.
    402 - Payment Required: The used API key does not grant access.
    405 - Method Not Allowed: A request parameter is out of the allowed range.
    429 - Too Many Requests: You are out of tokens.
    500 - Internal Server Error: An unexpected error occurred when executing this request.

Note: For any status code other than 200, you will still receive the token bucket information in the error stream. The remainder of the response varies and is explained in the individual threads.
Additional Information

